Feature: port some libm source file to abacus: sincos, exp, cexp. and… (#1780)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: CMakeLists.txt

option(ENABLE_COVERAGE "Enable coverage build." OFF)
option(ENABLE_LIBRI "Enable EXX with LibRI." OFF)
option(USE_ELPA "Enable ELPA" ON)

> option(USE_ABACUS_LIBM " Enable abacus self libmath." ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(USE_ABACUS_LIBM "Build libmath from source to speed up." ON)
```

> option(USE_ABACUS_LIBM " Enable abacus self libmath." ON)

Reviewer: Is it appropriate to enable it by default? Maybe shall we detect the version of libm first?

Author: Since it pass the test with GCC/clang, and it’s speed is always better(faster than the latest libm),  I recommend to enable it by default and no need to detect the library version.
On the other hand, not all compilers will link with libm.

> option(USE_ABACUS_LIBM " Enable abacus self libmath." ON)

Reviewer: Please add some instructions to https://github.com/deepmodeling/abacus-develop/blob/develop/docs/advanced/install.md regarding this flag.
